Document `--edgioVersion` CLI option (#743)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/develop/cli.md

### init {/* init */}

> Run in a new or existing app to add all required packages and files need to deploy your app on {{ PRODUCT_NAME }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this command from the root directory of your web application or website to add all packages and files required to deploy your app on {{ PRODUCT_NAME }}.
```

> It is recommended you specify the `{{ INIT_ARG_EDGIO_VERSION }}` option to ensure you are using the correct version of {{ PRODUCT_NAME }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="tip">

  If you are not using the latest version of {{ PRODUCT }}, then you must specify the `{{ INIT_ARG_EDGIO_VERSION }}` option when running this command.

</Callout>
```
